Jira bug (#21116)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/2_0_13.md

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - Added support for only one command ***jira-create-issue*** in version 9.0.0 of Jira, when endpoint and response were changed .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for an alternative API in the command ***jira-create-issue*** when the original API isn't found.
```
